---
layout: subpage
title: IEEE Joint Chapter of IE/PEL/CS
submenu: true
submenutype: [IEEE Joint Chapters]
submenuindex: 13
---

IEEE Joint Chapter of IE/PEL/CS
Welcome

Welcome to the Uttar Pradesh Section IE13/PEL35/CS23 section website for the members of the IEEE. Here you will find important announcements, calendar of events, information on officers, other units, and useful links. Please use the navigation menu on top to browse the pages.
This IEEE chapter is a joint chapter of Industrial Electronics (IE), Power Electronics(PEL) and Control System (CS) Societies. The chapter organizational unit is located at Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology, Allahabad. The chapter regularly organizes events such as expert lectures, seminars and conferences. The chapter has its office bearers and executive committee. Anyone interested in organizing any event within the scope of chapter society is welcome to contact following office bearers of the chapter.
Current Office bearer (2013-14)

1. Chair: Dr. R. K. Tripathi (rktripathi@mnnit.ac.in)
2. Vice-Chair: Dr. Rajesh Gupta (rajeshgupta@mnnit.ac.in
3. Treasurer: Dr. V. Krishna Rao K. (rao@mnnit.ac.in)
4. Secretary: Dr. Deepak Kumar (deepak_kumar@mnnit.ac.in)
Past Office bearer (2011-12)

1. Chair: Dr. R. K. Singh (rksingh@mnnit.ac.in)
2. Co-chair: Mr. Paulson Samuel (paul@mnnit.ac.in
3. Coordinator: Dr. A. K. Singh (asheesh@mnnit.ac.in)
4. Secretary: Dr. S. R. Mohanty (soumya@mnnit.ac.in)
Past Office bearer (2009-10)

1. Chair: Dr. Dinesh Chandra (dinesh@mnnit.ac.in)
2. Co-chair: Dr. R. K. Tripathi (rktripathi@mnnit.ac.in)
3. Coordinator: Dr. Shubhi Purwar (shubhi@mnnit.ac.in)
4. Secretary: Dr. Rajesh Gupta (rajeshgupta@mnnit.ac.in)
